one thing that was very funny to me was
hearing that you guys also read like all
the comments that people leave okay well
I am here on the last week of the LCS
split with covers presented by Omni
slash by someone who well you guys are a
pretty big fan of her daughter this is
Marcy May Ali's mom so first off Marcy
what brings you two else yesterday came
to watch it and see what she does and we
brought Grandma and Grandpa so we're all
here cheering her on what does everyone
what does everyone thought of LCS so far
okay grandpa fell asleep a couple times
already
sorry off we're trying to figure out
like it's so hard to figure out what's
going on they're all you know these
little characters but it's fun it's fun
so the highlights of LCS for you are
probably not when the games are
happening it's when the interviews are
happening afterwards right and then like
seeing all the little people that we see
on TV yeah oh my go I know that kid okay
we're like oh yeah that cute little hapa
boy yeah do you have any are you a fan
of any of the players in particular or
any that you like from her interviews
that little contract yeah because
they're always talk about anime together
yeah I like smoothies hair
grandma like smoothies here okay double
lift we know who he is because he's a
friend of yours so assume in interviews
and who else that haunters cute he looks
little hapa like half asian or something
like my baby
yeah and I don't know I know a lot of
them that well though that's a good
that's a good amount of you I only
needed one you gave me a list it's good
so talk to yeah talk to me a little bit
about awfully because she's still kind
of new to like a lot of the fans she's
been doing this for over
a year now but obsessed for like a
bajillion years so talk to me a little
bit about her relationship with like
league of Legends and streaming and how
far back does it go oh my gosh like high
school she yeah she's always been to
gamers and she was like little like all
of our vacation she has to have her
little Gameboy and then they came out
with a color Gameboy and then it came
out with that one with a - screams yeah
yeah yes and and we everywhere we go on
vacation we had to make sure we had
extra batteries because if it went out
that was like the death of her yeah yeah
well I know it's funny so she knows a
lot of the people that I know from back
in the IPL days like buddy who I used to
work with Nick who now runs seal G he
gave us a tour of IGN yeah when oddly
was in high school and she was all amped
up and he gave us a tour and we brought
him Girl Scout cookies wine and he's
super fun so but that sounds cool so all
the way back in the IPL days awfully was
getting tours of like the IGN offices or
something and she's been doing like
she's just set up gaming tournaments and
stuff like that with like a startup
company that was over in Santa Cruz and
then she would what do you call those o
land parties at her house and she'd go
to them and and everything so she's been
totally into this forever I mean we have
a dog named Thresh yeah I mean come on
yeah yeah and so what's it been like for
you
I made her costumes like for every
characters what did you think when
Ovilus started doing like on-camera
stuff like cuz she started working with
us over at Yahoo eSports what was it
like for you when you started to see
that she was doing all this stuff we're
really proud because she's living out
her dream I don't care what you do in
life as long as you do what you want to
do and you're happy and she's definitely
happy yeah so yeah she's living the
eSports dream yeah for so I often tease
her cuz I feel like she's super I mean
obviously she did this herself but she's
it's in
since she's also a little lucky because
she got like when I was finishing up my
last year of college yes you make your
own like exactly and she made hers
because whenever I was in my final year
of college I was like what am I gonna do
for a living like where am I gonna work
I hope someday I could work at riot that
would be really cool and she applied and
they kept shooting her down because she
was too young and she was so sad I
remember she was really upset
but now she's in her final year of
college and she's already on stage at
the office so that's really cool what
what is there anything that you would
say to any of the fans out there
Avila fans who want to know more about
her or just anything you would say to
anybody out there that you know or watch
her stuff something they don't know or a
message you would say to them or
anything you want to say about Avila at
all she doesn't take no for an answer
okay yeah see every time you get knocked
down she where every time she got
knocked down she pops back up she yeah
she's persevered with everything
everything high school elementary school
for everything you can't tell her no
she'll go for it I got lunch with Avila
and you and her grandmother like about a
month ago which is so nice of you oh one
thing that struck me was it sounds like
you guys watched like everything that's
involved with her right yeah and and one
thing that was very funny to me was
hearing that you guys also read like all
the comments that people leave right all
right some of the comments are like oh
my god so I can't repeat all those to
Grandma because she's like oh my god she
mentioned one to me in particular that I
won't repeat in this interview her
grandma did but but I was just the only
reason I mentioned this is because it's
probably worth mentioning that you guys
read the comments so that they know that
they should be really polite because her
parents and grandparents are watching
right
you're letting you don't encourage them
I think it's important for them to do
this okay all right very very good well
all right you guys are in you're down in
Southern California for a little bit so
I don't want to take you away from all
the fun that you're having but thank you
so much for the interview I really
appreciate it and for everyone else you
can check out the rest of my coverage of
all things eSports right here on my
youtube channel this is what you guys
have all been waiting for Travis is gone
now it's just me but unfortunately it is
the end of the interview I'm going to do
an outro thanks for watching like
subscribe what is it it's youtube.com
slash travis slash lude and there's some
interesting pictures there so go ahead
and go to that and yeah thanks Omni
slash for supporting him please keep him
off my couch